[ 1/23] linux-x86
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[ 2/23] linux-x86_64
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[ 3/23] linux-arm
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[ 4/23] linux-aarch64
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[ 5/23] freebsd-x86
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[ 6/23] freebsd-x86_64
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[ 7/23] freebsd-arm
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[ 8/23] freebsd-aarch64
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[ 9/23] openbsd-x86
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[10/23] openbsd-x86_64
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[11/23] openbsd-arm
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[12/23] openbsd-aarch64
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[13/23] netbsd-x86
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[14/23] netbsd-x86_64
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[15/23] netbsd-arm
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[16/23] netbsd-aarch64
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[17/23] darwin-x86
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[18/23] darwin-x86_64
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[19/23] win32
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[20/23] win64
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[21/23] cygwin-x86
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[22/23] cygwin-x86_64
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
[23/23] dos
 tests/nested-unknowns.h
tests/nested-unknowns.h(5): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    struct A { x ; } ;
                 ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(9): expected identifier for the symbol declared in this declaration but found ';'
    union B { x ; } ;
                ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(13): expected ',' or '}' behind enum constant but found ';'
    enum C { x ; } ;
               ^
tests/nested-unknowns.h(17): expected expression but found ';'
    void f ( void ) { x = ; }
                          ^
	tests/nested-unknowns.h
emitting: tests/nested-unknowns.bi (4 declarations, 4 TODOs)
